Once you sign it,
you'll be a member
of the private equity fund.
Promise me…
you'll leave with me if I come back.
It's me.
I got the pocket change
that was to be sent North.
Great job.
You must…
come back by midnight.
Put Lee Gang-mu on.
Speaking.
Mr. Lee, I understand
you did what you had to do,
but I'm quite offended.
I'm warning you.
No more tailing me.
Jang Han-na.
Understood?
Damn it. What do I do?
You're going to support me now, Han-na.
Once I'm gone,
Nam Tae-il will find it strange.
Just in case,
we must find evidence that can stop him.
Bring a SWAT team uniform
to my hideout exactly in an hour.
If you understood, Gang-mu, put Soo-ho on.
We'll distract them
for you to come back in safely.
No, I'll find a way to get in on my own,
so don't bother.
I'll come in by 2200 hours at the latest.
You even bugged her?
Do you still not trust her?
Before she shows up in front of me,
honestly, no.
It needs recharging.